>> Steve Kinney: So now we've got an item
store, we've got some actions, and
we've got a dispatcher,
we are most of the way there.
I'm gonna start on the place
we the most amount of wind,
and that is like the bottom of the tree,
right?
It would be cool if I could remove and
check an item or I'll pack and
unpack an item without having to
navigate up and down the tree, right?
So that seems like the most easy place
to get like a quick victory here.
So I'll go into the individual item and
you can see that onChange it's
whatever onCheckOff has passed in.
And, remove that's whatever
onRemove has passed in.
But I have a title now, right?
I have a Remove.
I can just get this from the store and
not have to get them from
anywhere in the hierarchy.
So we can import,
>> Steve Kinney: ToggleItem and
removeItem from the actions.
Okay, so now, I have two choices,
I can make anonymous function,
I get recreated every time this rerenders.
So I can pass the actual item in,
or I can create some methods, so
I'm just gonna do that.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
call this one handleChange.
>> Steve Kinney: And
I'll toggleItem,
>> Steve Kinney: With
the item that was passed in.
And we'll say handleRemove,
>> Steve Kinney: And
that will move the item.
>> Steve Kinney: So
right now this won't really do anything,
cuz like the application is
still using the other array.
But let's just cheat for a little bit,
let's just live in a happier world.
And what we'll do is
we'll go into this store,
and I just have to wire these up,
so then I can come back in here.
And we'll say this.addItem(action.item).
>> Steve Kinney: And here,
we'll say this.removeItem(action.item).
And here was this., oops that's toggle.
>> Steve Kinney: UpdateItem.
>> Steve Kinney: This.updateItem,
this.removeItem
>> Steve Kinney: And
what we'll say is when we're in the
process of removing item let's console log
to see if it works.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
cuz this is the one that we didn't
pass down the hierarchy but
we still have all of the different, that
other array and application right now.
So we won't see the change just yet but
it would be interesting to try it out.
All right, so I'm gonna go over.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll just open my
fifth port today, it'll be fine.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's hit Remove,
hope it actually works.
That's interesting
>> Steve Kinney: Make
sure we saved our files, nope.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's try that out now.
>> Steve Kinney: Oops, still working,
that's interesting because
I didn't replace these.
You make new methods, you don't pass
them in, they don't work, fun fact.
This.handleChange.
>> Steve Kinney: This.handleRemove.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, now,
we will either see a blowup or
we will see that console log.
Cuz I will pay the price for writing
too much code between checking the UI.
>> Steve Kinney: We got a blow up and
I can't read this top property,
props of undefined.
Anyone wanna take a lucky guess?
I already know.
These aren't bound to this,
I didn't use my fancy new syntax.
So I either have to this.handleChange
to bind this, it's because I can't
find this.props.
>> Steve Kinney: Programming
is fun everyone, you should all do it.
>> Steve Kinney: If
the stuff was easy it would be data
entry and they wouldn't pay us.
So,
>> Steve Kinney: Or it will stop loading
now?
>> Steve Kinney: Right now I'm
getting nothing, so let's see.
We've got this handleRemove
>> Steve Kinney: So we got,
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we're in the item, but let's see,
let's go up to the next step.
So this is the action creator,
so let's go there.
>> Steve Kinney: My suspicion is we get
there but we're not, we flubbed the string
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we got into the action creator.
Next, we go to the dispatcher,
which is gonna send it to
the store
>> Steve Kinney: If
action type is remove item.
>> Steve Kinney: This is from what I
had submit that quit before
that I knew everything was.
This is called a karma.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we never get there.
So let's go up a level.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's say we're
in the store and
we'll console out of the action, as well.
>> Steve Kinney: Give it a refresh.
>> Steve Kinney: Okay, so
we haven't gotten there.
Cool, so I'm trying to figure
out what the issue is.
We've got the appDispatcher and
we're registering with it.
Clearly it looks like that is working for
me but
I am never receiving the action.
>> Steve Kinney: So
here we're dispatching.
>> Steve Kinney: We know that we get here.
We've got this REMOVE_ITEM type.
>> Steve Kinney: What's up?
No?
[LAUGH] All right, so let's see.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Steve Kinney: No, if it's just one
argument you can omit it, right in ES6.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
so we have app dispatcher, we're
registering it, we can see that's a thing.
We're not getting the action at all
in here which means that it's not
registering.
>> Steve Kinney: We call in the new
items store.
I'm gonna check real quick in
the construction to see if it's actually
building
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so we're
just coming back from a minor technical
issue where we weren't seeing the events.
And the reason for that was we created
the item store in itemstore.js, but
because we never require that file,
it was never evaluated and ran.
Which means this new item store never
executed, which means the constructor
never executed, which means we
never registered the events,
which is why they are getting swallowed.
So to fix it, all I did real
quick was I imported it into
application.js where I'm going
to need it eventually anyways.
So now when I flip back over,
if I hit Remove,
you can see that the remove item
is at this point, being called.
So let's actually go and
see that individual item as well.
We can that we're calling remove
item that's happening in the store.
This is not getting passed down from
application to item to the item anymore,
this is being pulled directly in.
This could be very far down,
our component hierarchy and
we could still pull in this actions and
this state, right?
And here we only, the action still makes
sense to have that in the application,
because that's where we gonna
filter between the two lists.
But we don't have pass
down that action anymore.
So really other than
receiving the item itself,
everything else is at this point pretty
like self contained, which is very cool.
Cuz like we would need to know what item
it was anyway, so it makes sense for
the thing that maps over it to do that.